"query:Development:unread = \"yes\" and tags # \"development\""
"query:DevOps:unread = \"yes\" and tags # \"devops\""
"query:Business:unread = \"yes\" and tags # \"business\""
"query:Technology:unread = \"yes\" and tags # \"tech\""
"query:Comics:unread = \"yes\" and tags # \"comics\""
"query:News:unread = \"yes\" and tags # \"news\""
https://samwho.dev/rss.xml development
https://andrew.gibiansky.com/feed.rss development
https://notes.eatonphil.com/rss.xml development
https://kmcd.dev/posts/index.xml development
https://reasonableapproximation.net/rss.xml development
http://composition.al/atom.xml development
http://dtrace.org/blogs/bmc/feed development
http://muratbuffalo.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default development
http://research.swtch.com/feed.atom development
http://www.daemonology.net/blog/index.rss development
https://akrzemi1.wordpress.com/feed development
https://andrewkelley.me/rss.xml development
https://bartoszmilewski.com/feed development
https://benjiweber.co.uk/blog/feed development
https://blog.acolyer.org/feed development
https://blog.almaer.com/feed development
https://blog.blazingdb.com/feed development
https://blog.golang.org/feed.atom development
https://blog.servo.org/feed.xml development
https://byorgey.wordpress.com/feed development
https://codewithoutrules.com/atom.xml development
https://crystal-lang.org/feed.xml development
https://dave.cheney.net/feed development
https://devblogs.microsoft.com/python/feed development
https://dgraph.io/blog/index.xml development
https://djhworld.github.io/post/index.xml development
https://eli.thegreenplace.net/feeds/all.atom.xml development
https://endler.dev/rss.xml development
https://feeds.feedburner.com/steveklabnik/words development
https://golangnews.com/index.xml development
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom development
https://michaelscodingspot.com/feed development
https://nedbatchelder.com/blog/rss.xml development
https://pbpython.com/feeds/all.atom.xml development
https://simonwillison.net/atom/everything muted
https://stackoverflow.blog/feed development
https://tomtunguz.com/index.xml development
https://tonsky.me/blog/atom.xml development
https://www.airs.com/blog/feed development
https://www.python.org/dev/peps/peps.rss development
https://textslashplain.com/rss development
https://drewdevault.com/blog/index.xml development
https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/category/podcast/feed development
https://devlog.hexops.com/feed development
https://ostash.dev/index.xml development
https://blog.metaobject.com/feeds/posts/default development
https://scattered-thoughts.net/atom.xml development
https://buttondown.email/cassidoo/rss development
https://www.juxt.pro/blog/rss.xml development
http://planet.clojure.in/atom.xml
https://ericnormand.me/rss.xml development
https://clojure.org/feed.xml development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Wrockblog devops
http://feeds.scottlowe.org/slowe/content/feed devops
https://blog.gruntwork.io/feed devops
https://brianchristner.io/rss devops
https://developers.soundcloud.com/blog/blog.rss devops
https://eng.uber.com/feed devops
https://engineeringblog.yelp.com/feed.xml devops
https://kubernetes.io/feed.xml devops
https://medium.com/feed/@copyconstruct devops
https://medium.com/feed/netflix-techblog devops
https://sanderknape.com/index.xml devops
https://stefanscherer.github.io/rss devops
https://tech.ebayinc.com/rss devops
https://technodrone.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default devops
https://technologyconversations.com/feed devops
https://major.io/index.xml devops
https://www.wionews.com/feeds/business-economy/rss.xml business
http://www.newslookup.com/rss/business/bloomberg.rss business
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/businessinsider business
http://www.economist.com/rss/business_rss.xml business
https://www.engadget.com/rss.xml tech
http://www.digitaltrends.com/feed tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Techcrunch tech
https://www.wionews.com/feeds/science-technology/rss.xml tech
https://www.cbc.ca/cmlink/rss-technology tech
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index/ tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/neowin-main tech
http://feeds.wired.com/wired/index tech
http://nedroid.com/feed comics
https://consolia-comic.com/rss.xml comics
https://randomcrab.com/feed comics
https://www.monkeyuser.com/feed.xml comics
https://xkcd.com/atom.xml comics
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/world/rss.xml news
https://www.cbc.ca/cmlink/rss-world news
https://www.reutersagency.com/feed/?taxonomy=best-topics&post_type=best news
https://www.reutersagency.com/feed/?best-topics=tech&post_type=best news
https://www.reutersagency.com/feed/?best-topics=political-general&post_type=best news
https://www.reutersagency.com/feed/?best-topics=business-finance&post_type=best news
https://www.reutersagency.com/feed/?post_type=reuters-best news
http://feeds.foxnews.com/foxnews/latest news
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/rss news
https://www.aljazeera.com/xml/rss/all.xml news
https://www.wionews.com/feeds/world/rss.xml news
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/cnn_topstories.rss news